#307: Single Item extension - Providers and License on the item level (#321)
radiantearth/stac-spec: extensions/mixin/README.md

# Mixin Extension Specification (`mix`)

**Extension [Maturity Classification](../README.md#extension-maturity): Proposal**

Provides a way to specify several fields in Items that usually reside on the collection-level such as license and provider.

- [Example](example.json)
- [JSON Schema](schema.json)

## Item fields

| Field Name       | Type              | Description                                                  |
| ---------------- | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | mix:license      | string            | Items's license(s) as a SPDX [License identifier](https://spdx.org/licenses/) or [expression](https://spdx.org/spdx-specification-21-web-version#h.jxpfx0ykyb60) or `proprietary` if the license is not on the SPDX license list. Proprietary licensed data SHOULD add a link to the license text, see the `license` relation type. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mix:license      | string            | Item's license(s) as a SPDX [License identifier](https://spdx.org/licenses/) or [expression](https://spdx.org/spdx-specification-21-web-version#h.jxpfx0ykyb60) or `proprietary` if the license is not on the SPDX license list. Proprietary licensed data SHOULD add a link to the license text, see the `license` relation type. |
```

Author: Fixed, thanks.

### Provider Object

The object provides information about a provider. A provider is any of the organizations that captured or processed the content of the collection and therefore influenced the data offered by this collection. May also include information about the final storage provider hosting the data.

| Field Name  | Type      | Description                                                  |
| ----------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| name        | string    | **REQUIRED.** The name of the organization or the individual. |
| description | string    | Multi-line description to add further provider information such as processing details for processors and producers, hosting details for hosts or basic contact information. [CommonMark 0.28](http://commonmark.org/) syntax MAY be used for rich text representation. |
| roles       | [string]  | Roles of the provider. Any of `licensor`, `producer`, `processor` or `host`. |
| url         | string    | Homepage on which the provider describes the dataset and publishes contact information. |

> **type**: The type of the provider can be one of the following elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**roles**: The provider's role(s) can be one or more of the following elements:
```

Author: Fixed, in both extension and collection spec.
